Failed to fetch http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robots.txt
java.io.IOException: Server returned HTTP response code: 403 for URL: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1876)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://m.huffpost.com/robots.txt
java.io.IOException: Server returned HTTP response code: 403 for URL: http://m.huffpost.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1876)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://www.gq.com.au/robots.txt
java.io.FileNotFoundException: http://www.gq.com.au/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1872)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://huffingtonpost.com/robots.txt
java.io.IOException: Server returned HTTP response code: 403 for URL: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1876)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://commercial.cnn.com../robots.txt
java.net.UnknownHostException: commercial.cnn.com..
	at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:184)
	at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:392)
	at java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:589)
	at java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:538)
	at sun.net.NetworkClient.doConnect(NetworkClient.java:180)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServer(HttpClient.java:432)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServer(HttpClient.java:527)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.<init>(HttpClient.java:211)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.New(HttpClient.java:308)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.New(HttpClient.java:326)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getNewHttpClient(HttpURLConnection.java:1202)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect0(HttpURLConnection.java:1138)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect(HttpURLConnection.java:1032)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.connect(HttpURLConnection.java:966)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1546)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch https://jfe.qualtrics.com/robots.txt
java.io.FileNotFoundException: https://jfe.qualtrics.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1872)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsURLConnectionImpl.getInputStream(HttpsURLConnectionImpl.java:254)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch https://portfolio.money.cnn.com/robots.txt
java.net.ConnectException: Connection refused (Connection refused)
	at java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnect(Native Method)
	at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:350)
	at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddress(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:206)
	at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:188)
	at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:392)
	at java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:589)
	at sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.connect(SSLSocketImpl.java:668)
	at sun.security.ssl.BaseSSLSocketImpl.connect(BaseSSLSocketImpl.java:173)
	at sun.net.NetworkClient.doConnect(NetworkClient.java:180)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServer(HttpClient.java:432)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServer(HttpClient.java:527)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsClient.<init>(HttpsClient.java:264)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsClient.New(HttpsClient.java:367)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.https.AbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.getNewHttpClient(AbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.java:191)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect0(HttpURLConnection.java:1138)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect(HttpURLConnection.java:1032)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.https.AbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.connect(AbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.java:177)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1546)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsURLConnectionImpl.getInputStream(HttpsURLConnectionImpl.java:254)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://www.huffpostarabi.com/robots.txt
java.io.IOException: Server returned HTTP response code: 403 for URL: http://www.huffpostarabi.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1876)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://jobsearch.money.cnn.com/robots.txt
java.io.FileNotFoundException: http://jobsearch.money.cnn.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1872)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://www.ajel.sa/robots.txt
java.io.IOException: Server returned HTTP response code: 403 for URL: http://www.ajel.sa/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1876)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://email.com/robots.txt
java.io.FileNotFoundException: http://email.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1872)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://www.glassdoor.com/robots.txt
java.io.IOException: Server returned HTTP response code: 403 for URL: http://www.glassdoor.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1876)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch http://m.huffingtonpost.com.mximages/robots.txt
java.net.UnknownHostException: m.huffingtonpost.com.mximages
	at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connect(AbstractPlainSocketImpl.java:184)
	at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connect(SocksSocketImpl.java:392)
	at java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:589)
	at java.net.Socket.connect(Socket.java:538)
	at sun.net.NetworkClient.doConnect(NetworkClient.java:180)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServer(HttpClient.java:432)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServer(HttpClient.java:527)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.<init>(HttpClient.java:211)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.New(HttpClient.java:308)
	at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.New(HttpClient.java:326)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getNewHttpClient(HttpURLConnection.java:1202)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect0(HttpURLConnection.java:1138)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect(HttpURLConnection.java:1032)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.connect(HttpURLConnection.java:966)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1546)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
Failed to fetch https://appworld.blackberry.com/robots.txt
java.io.FileNotFoundException: https://appworld.blackberry.com/robots.txt
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0(HttpURLConnection.java:1872)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream(HttpURLConnection.java:1474)
	at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsURLConnectionImpl.getInputStream(HttpsURLConnectionImpl.java:254)
	at java.net.URL.openStream(URL.java:1045)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:69)
	at com.trigonic.jrobotx.RobotExclusion.get(RobotExclusion.java:90)
	at crawler.escalonadorCurtoPrazo.PageFetcher.run(PageFetcher.java:48)
